Chuu: Hi~
(The first day of music video shooting!)
Chuu: I'm so curious how the music video will be filmed!
Olivia Hye: And there is our teacher~
(She is yyxy's teacher!)
(And she told Chuu to do something!)
(Chuu speaking weird and unidentifiable language...)
(And the teacher is listening to it seriuosly...)
(Chuu is done with excellent performance!)
(Does it sound similar?)
Chuu: I don't know, don't know @#@#$&%$#
Chuu: I don't know, don't know, don't know~
(She can do this?)
Olivia Hye: No...
Olivia Hye: I can't do it~
(On the other hand, Go Won can do it!)
(However Yves priased Go Won's eyebrows instead of her pronounciation)
Go Won: You have to use your eyebrows when you talk~
Yves: Wow!
Go Won: Thanks~